Oh, wow! That feels nice!
[gasps]
What's this thing?
'Tis a pad of the bra.
Bosoms appear larger when
this wondrous item's applied.
Come! Claim thy second feel!
[DENJI gulps]
Ooh.
[POWER]
Now! The final fondling!
And that's it!
Squeezing complete!
Was it not the most
splendid experience?
Stunned by just how
fortunate you are?
Now, 'tis fair to call us even.
With Meowy back in my custody...
[DENJI] There's so much
I could say, but... Huh?
Which is why I shall
continue to help you lot.
I'm sure the pleasure
is all yours! [laughs]
To bed we go, Meowy, my dearest!
[MEOWY meows]
[DENJI]
That's it?
[POWER]
Mm! Delectable!
[POWER chewing]
Ahh! Another serving
would be grand.
Yours will do!
[AKI gasps]
You little!
[POWER] Where shall we
slaughter devils today?
Hey. Answer!
Right now!
[MAKIMA] This is the
property damage report.
This verifies the disposal
of the devils' bodies
while this form is
from the Ministry of
Land, Infrastructure,
Transport, and Tourism.
Stamp it here and over
in this corner as well.
[MAKIMA] I hate making you do
this mountain of paperwork.
It's almost like
you're being punished
for killing the Bat Devil.
[MAKIMA] Denji? Is there
something on your mind?
[DENJI] So, um. I finally got
a hold of this longtime dream
I've been chasin', right?
But once it was sittin'
in the palm of my hand,
it was way less life changing
than I thought it'd be.
And now I'm all,
if I go after something else
and eventually manage
to nab that, too,
am I just gonna
realize I was happier
chasing the thing than
I am actually having it?
[DENJI] That's, like,
total bullshit, isn't it?
Can you be more specific about
the goal that you achieved?
Well. I touched some boobs
for the very first time,
but it turns out second base
is no big whoop.
[MAKIMA]
Hm.
[DENJI gasps]
Listen, Denji.
I believe that when it
comes to sexual matters,
the better you understand your
partner, the better you'll feel.
[MAKIMA] But understanding
another's heart
is easier said than done,
so start small.
Perhaps with hands.
Take your time and
carefully study them.
[MAKIMA]
How long are their fingers?
[gasps]
[MAKIMA]
And their palms. Are they cold?
Or are they warm?
What's the shape of their ears?
Has anyone bitten
your finger before?
[DENJI]
B-Bi--?
Pay attention.
Remember this so that
even if you lost your vision,
you'd still recognize me
just from how hard I bite.
Memorize it.
I think I got it.
[DENJI gasps]
[DENJI gasping]
Denji, dear. There's a
favor I'd like to ask.
If that's all right.
[DENJI]
Sure.
I want you to bring down
the Gun Devil for me.
[DENJI]
The Gun Devil?
Thirteen years ago,
it first appeared in America.
Its current location is unknown.
This particular devil
is very strong
and I've yet to meet a hunter
who didn't want to slay it.
But while most are all talk,
I think you could actually
pull off the kill.
You're special.
More so than any of
the other Devil Hunters.
So if you prove me right
and execute the Gun Devil,
you may tell me
any wish you have,
and I'll ensure
that it comes true.
You're saying if I'm able to
find and murderize this thing,
then you'll see to it that
my wish comes true?
No matter what
the wish is, you'll do it?
[MAKIMA]
Mm-hmm.
Hang on. I'm not sure
I understand.
If I figure out a way
to kill the Gun Devil,
you, Miss Makima,
are gonna personally
grant any wish that
pops into my head?
[MAKIMA]
Mm-hmm.
Anything, though?
Like, even se--?
[MAKIMA]
Yes, Denji, any wish.
[DENJI] Holy shit! And that
ain't breakin' the rules?
[MAKIMA] It's only permissible
because this target
is such a threat, mind you.
To counter devils,
humans need weapons,
and for a time,
they tried to cash in on guns.
Crime and conflict increased
worldwide as a result of that.
The news focused on
firearms nonstop.
Fear of gun violence reached
an all-time high
in every country.
[MAKIMA] Then, there was a
devastating terrorist attack
involving guns in America.
That same day,
the Gun Devil appeared.
[AKI'S MOM] "This is where
I live," said the city mouse.
He seemed rather
proud of his home.
"That's quite a big house
for one mouse!"
exclaimed the country mouse.
He didn't know
the city mouse's family--
[AKI] Dad! Come outside
and play catch with me.
[AKI'S DAD]
Taiyo isn't feeling well.
Find something
you can play by yourself.
[sighs] That excuse again?
When has Taiyo
ever not felt bad?
Hey, that's not very brotherly.
Be good and play
by yourself for now.
[TAIYO] No... I-I'm well
enough to play outside.
[AKI'S PARENTS gasp]
[AKI]
Don't follow me.
[AKI] Beat it! You're getting
on my nerves, Taiyo!
[gasps]
I was fine playing by myself.
[TAIYO laughing]
Take that!
Cut it out, before I make you!
--[AKI grunting]
--[TAIYO laughing]
[TAIYO]
It's freezing.
[AKI, TAIYO panting]
[AKI] If you catch a cold,
I'll be the one in trouble.
[AKI] Playing catch should
keep your hands warmer.
Go grab our gloves
from the house.
[TAIYO laughs]
Woohoo!
[giggles]
[MAKIMA]
In a little under five minutes,
one point two million
people were annihilated.
The Gun Devil then
fell off the face of the earth
and hasn't been seen since.
[MAKIMA]
After the incident,
fear of devils as
a whole skyrocketed,
and as you know,
fear only bolsters them.
Thus, devils across the board
gained record strength.
In an attempt to weaken the
Gun Devil even the slightest,
gun control laws got
a lot more severe,
and news coverage on
violent crime and disasters
saw a surge in censorship.
Uh... Summa that
went over my head,
but it seems this thing's
too strong to comprehend.
Does destroying it
sound plausible to you?
[DENJI] Well, couldn't say
for sure, but...
I bet if I pull out all
the stops and try super hard,
it'll be a peace of cake!
[MAKIMA]
In that case,
we'll begin by
pinpointing its location.
And just how are we
supposed to do that?
[MAKIMA] These are pieces of
the Gun Devil we've collected.
Apparently it's so fast,
bits of its body burn off
when it moves.
If a devil consumes
some of this,
their power is enhanced,
regardless of their nature.
And if the pieces are close
enough, they attach, like so.
Badass.
In case it hasn't sunk in yet,
this devil's incredibly strong,
as is the force that draws
its chunks of flesh together.
Once big enough, they'll be
attracted to the original body.
So, if we manage to make
the fragment in our
possession bigger,
it'll lead us straight
to the Gun Devil.
[AKI]
I found one.
[HIMENO] I figured it must've
snacked on a damn Gun chunk.
Explains how
a small-fry like this
got to be such a heavyweight.
But did it find that
or was it fed that?
It doesn't matter.
Our job remains the same.
We keep killing devils.
They'll guide us to that thing
sooner or later.
[MAKIMA] We received an
extermination request.
There was a devil sighting
inside of a hotel.
No confirmation on the
status of hotel guests.
But several civilian hunters
who initially went in
have been found dead.
There was movement
from a Gun Devil piece,
so it's likely the target
ingested another.
Six agents are to be dispatched,
all from Special Division Four.
[AKI] It's lurking somewhere
within those walls.
And since it probably ate
a piece of the Gun Devil,
this sucker won't be
your garden variety.
[DENJI] What if it's, like,
the actual Gun Devil in there?
[AKI] The more flesh there is,
the more pull there is.
The reaction's too small.
Aww. Low-key sucks.
Yield up the chunk!
It amuses me!
[AKI] Thought I told both of you
to work on your manners.
--And?
--Your point?
That won't get me anywhere...
Pretentious half-witted
humans don't command me!
Hayakawa, sir.
My liege.
Better.
Sweetness!
Huzzah! Mine!
May I have a word, sir?
Can we really entrust our
backs to the two newcomers,
considering we'll soon
fight one devil, if not more?
One's a Fiend,
and the other's some hoodlum.
I'm having serious doubts.
We aren't trusting them
to watch our backs.
They'll generally take point
when we're on
extermination missions.
If either tries to
run or double cross us,
then they die on the spot.
Boo, you're treating us
like we're livestock!
Cuz you don't get human rights.
You think he's still pissed
about this morning?
That's gotta be it, right?
In hindsight, it's clear
our prank went too far.
Pranks aren't anywhere
near that vile!
Go to hell!
Come on. What'd they do?
At any rate, you can't be strict
with them all the time, Aki.
[DENJI]
She's right!
That bat almost killed me, but I
went straight back to the grind!
I want a reward!
Oho!
If it's a prize you're after,
I'll take one for the team!
The lucky hunter who
sends this devil to its grave
wins an amazingly sweet
smooch-a-roo from moi!
--Bwuh!
--What?
Unthinkable! That's just wrong!
An unmarried woman
shouldn't be so lewd!
Why? Rewards boost morale!
Who cares if
they're lewd? Right?
Yeah, I'll have to pass, too.
But don't worry.
I got plenty of morale.
Huh?
Already got my first kiss
in mind, and it ain't with you.
She asked me to find these
meat chunks or whatever,
so that's the plan for now.
Once the Gun Devil's
dead and buried,
I'll get lotsa "smooch-a-roos."
Wow. That is a bold thing
to say in front of Aki!
And besides, I learned
a lesson I took to heart.
When it comes to naughty stuff,
it feels way better
when it's with someone
you know, right?
I don't even know your name,
so I couldn't be less
interested in your lips.
Huh?
[HIMENO] Then, if the winner
happens to be you, Denji,
your reward will have
a little tongue in it.
[DENJI gasps]
[DENJI panting]
[ARAI]
Hey! Slow down!
Don't go off on your own!
It's dangerous!
[HIMENO] Damn, do I get the
best kick outta teasing boys!
Do we have some kind
of plan here, or...?
I yearn for blood.
For the last time!
Stop right where you are!
[ARAI] Himeno was
nice enough t' train me
for half a year
and I'm in her debt!
So if a ruffian
from who knows where
is going to steal her lips,
then I'll take that
kiss on the cheek!
Go away! Think I want some dude
pressin' up against me?
[ARAI]
What? I'm not--?
[DENJI]
Just get off!
[POWER] I wish to take part
in this altercation!
[DENJI]
...bigger than yours!
So, Himeno,
what're your thoughts
on your two rookie hunters?
[POWER, ARAI, DENJI yelling]
[HIMENO]
Well, what Arai lacks in ability
he makes up for in motivation.
Meanwhile,
Kobeni's got the moves,
but she's extremely timid.
Will those four survive
to see another day?
Or should we call the coroner?
[ARAI]
I'm gonna let go.
[AKI] Doesn't matter if I think
a beginner is strong or weak.
Most end up dead
or go private after a year.
[HIMENO] Boy, you sure
dodged that question.
[POWER laughs]
You best not die on me, Aki.
[KISHIBE] Himeno, allow me to
introduce your new partner.
He's rude, but I trained him
to be of some use.
Try 'n' play nice.
Name's Aki. How goes?
You're actually useful?
Yeah. Sure.
Though I'm your first,
you're my sixth partner.
Everyone else is gone.
All dead because they
were utterly useless.
[gasps]
You best not die on me, Aki.
[DENJI] I'm startin' to think
the devils that were here
musta had an early checkout.
[DENJI] You sure that
dangly meat chunk of yours
ain't busted?
[DENJI sighs]
So tired.
Stay sharp. It's coming.
[growls]
[gasps]
[roars]
Easy, I've got it.
It's floating!
[POWER]
Have at thee!
[grunts]
[KOBENI screams]
[gasps]
Cowardly rogue! It froze
in midair when it saw me!
[laughs]
[HIMENO]
No, no, no! That was all me.
[POWER]
How so?
Not to brag, but I'm locked in
a contract with the Ghost Devil.
Gave up my eye for
the hand of a ghost.
Spooky powers at my command.
Packs a mean punch and it's
invisible, so it's pretty nifty.
How 'bout it, Aki?
Any Gun flesh detected there?
No strong reaction.
This isn't our devil.
I see. Then let's
keep heading up.
[POWER] Is it wise to
blather on about your powers
in my presence,
oh confident one?
Are you naked apes
not meant to hold my reins?
[HIMENO]
We'll work better as a team
if we know what everyone can do.
Plus, I've got a few tricks up
my sleeve, so I'm not stressin'.
[POWER]
Do you speak true?
What trick would you pull
if I aimed to kill her?
[groans]
Put away your pointy toy.
I'd prefer you not make me
choke you to death
because you can't behave.
'Tis untouchable!
[gasps, coughs]
[HIMENO] It's easier if we
get along, so I hope we do!
[DENJI chuckles]
[POWER groans]
I shall devour you in time!
[DENJI] Don't you dare,
I'm tryin' to score a kiss.
[ARAI]
Have either of you realized
our target is still at large?
Less talking, and mo--
[ARAI]
Huh?
[POWER] She does seem like
she'd be unpleasant raw.
Is there a problem?
I'm not really sure.
Were we on our way to the
ninth floor from the eighth,
or am I just losing it?
[AKI]
We were.
[ARAI]
But this is the eighth floor.
[DENJI] There a chance
you read it wrong?
'Course not!
Something's going on here.
I'll double-check!
[POWER]
I know! Grilled like a steak!
[DENJI] Steak? I could
go for summa that!
[AKI]
Huh?
[DENJI, POWER]
Hm?
Wha?
Arai, hold up.
Just now, we watched you
go down the stairs.
No, no, no--!